I will strive in the future as I have in the past to advance the forward-looking, aggressive
traditions of the Democratic Party, which have characterized the administrations of President
Roosevelt and Truman.
We must continue to seek solutions to great social problems in human terms, something
which the Republicans have signally failed to do.
Senator, do you believe you can beat President Eisenhower, should he run?
I do not know that I do not have the personal charm or popularity of our distinguished president.
I do hope that he will soon be restored to fully to his health so that he will be in
a position to run.
But I feel that the strength of the Democratic Party is such that even with his great popularity
at the Democratic Party and that I could win in the election in November.
I am very glad to be here.
I think the Congress ought to consider whether that identity of action is a violation of
the antitrust laws and other antitrust laws need to be amended.
Of course, as to preventing increases or rolling back this increase about the only thing that
can be done now is a strong plea on the part of the President to both industry and labor,
try to work out some method in the general good of our economy so that this price can be rolled back.
If that isn't done, we are going to have demands for price and wage controls, other kinds of laws
that require the giving of notice before a price increases made and things of that kind.
I hope we do not have to get to price and wage controls, but I do want to say that the economy
cannot stand this spiraling of prices every year with its resilient hardship upon the consumers
and the purchasers of the United States.